Welcome back.
In this video we're going to be quain the WordPress menu for the foot section.
So currently if you scroll down to the footer which has got the on ordered list we're putting in the
bootstrap template.
We want to make the menu more dynamic like the menu up the navigation bar.
So let's go into the dashboard and create a new menu.
So head over to appearance and then menus.
And then select great new menu.
And one call this menu the footer menu.
Then create the menu.
So on the left under the pages tub we can select which links you want to add to this menu.
So we've not created the about was page on the Contact Us page a book and add the blog and the latest
news.
So select those two and then select ads and then you add the blog just goes above the latest news.
So save that.
And then it will head over to the functions doppie HP we can registered the menu.
So back into functions doppie HP and then look for the register not menu section that were done early
on in the course and then underneath this we need to add the footer menu.
So we just copy the primary menu and then paste it in just below.
So the nickname is the footer.
And then the menu name is the footer menu.
So save that and back over to the dush board and then refresh the menus page.
And now the page is refreshed.
Make sure you still in the footer menu and then select the footer menu tub under the Feme locations
and save that.
And then with other publications walk to the foots a file in the same way as were done in the head section.
So go over to the.
Headed up HP and then it will look for the navigation bar which is everything from wp nub menu.
All the way down to the closing brackets.
Which is just so copy that section.
And then go to the footed up HP and then look for the navigation.
Which is just above the social media icons.
So if we look at the unordered list and you can delete all of the on or the list section would the about
the contact the blog and the latest news section so delete them but make sure leave the outside container.
Then at the HP tags.
And they would in the tug's paste in the of Walker.
So this one doesn't need as much information as the head of one for the men you name.
It's going to be the footer.
We can delete the feed location.
And also the debt for cause is only one level and bring that up.
The container is the on order list that were deleted before so change from Dave to you Well I would
only add the menu class the container idea or the A class for this one so we can remove them and everything
else we can leave as it is and then saved up.
And just to finish off the foote's a menu will other last two pages so good pages and then add new.
Now I'm going to add in the above it was page so about us and then hit publish.
And then I knew.
And the lust page goes into the footer menu is the Contact Us page.
So contact us and then publish.
Um these last two pages of the footer.
So appearance and menus.
And select the footer menu.
Send select the Contact Us page and the about was page you were just created here up to menu and then
rearranges into the correct order.
So the top page was about us.
And it was contact us.
Then the blog and latest news then hit save menu and then go over to the site.
Okay so it looks as though I've managed to up these pages to the top menu to remove those in just a
moment.
Both will go down to the bottom which can check if it's all working correctly.
So select the blog.
There's our blog section and the latest news.
That looks fine.
So why created the ballot was page or contact.
Yeah.
So would remove these menu links from the top back into the dashboard.
Appearance and menus.
And then select the main menu from the top.
Can either remove the from the menu by selecting them and then select and remove and do the same for
the US page and then save that menu.
Okay it's that look and how it should.
Now I've got all the menus working correctly on the website.
So thanks for watching.
Take care.